feat: substra example (#219)
owkin/FLamby: integration/Substra/flamby-integration-into-substra.md

# Substra

[**Substra**](https://docs.substra.org/en/0.21.0/) is an **open source** federated learning framework. It provides a flexible **python interface** and a **web app** to run federated learning training at scale.

Substra main usage is a **production one**. It has already been deployed and used by hospitals and biotech companies (see the [MELLODDY](https://www.melloddy.eu/) project for instance).

Yet [**Substra**](https://docs.substra.org/en/0.21.0/) can also be used on a single machine on a virtually splitted dataset for two use cases:

- debugging code before launching experiments on a real network
- performing FL simulations

Substra was created by [**Owkin**](https://owkin.com/) and is now hosted by the [Linux Foundation for AI and Data](https://lfaidata.foundation/).

# SubstraFL example on FLamby TCGA BRCA dataset

This example illustrate the basic usage of SubstraFL, and propose a model training by Federated Learning

> using de Federated Average strategy on the TCGA BRCA dataset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
using the Federated Averaging strategy on the TCGA BRCA dataset.
```

    dependencies=algo_deps,
)
```

    2022-10-07 11:51:32,650 - INFO - Building the compute plan.
    2022-10-07 11:51:32,658 - INFO - Registering the algorithm to Substra.
    2022-10-07 11:51:32,689 - INFO - Registering the compute plan to Substra.
    2022-10-07 11:51:32,691 - INFO - Experiment summary saved to FLamby/integration/Substra/experiment_summaries/YOUR_CP_KEY.json

    Compute plan progress:   0%|          | 0/82 [00:00<?, ?it/s]

    2022-10-07 11:54:35,496 - INFO - The compute plan has been registered to Substra, its key is YOUR_CP_KEY.

## Plot results

```python
import pandas as pd
import matplotlib.pyplot as plt
```

```python
plt.title("Performance evolution on each center of the baseline on Fed-TCGA-BRCA with Federated Averaging training")
plt.xlabel("Rounds")
plt.ylabel("Metric")

performance_df = pd.DataFrame(client.get_performances(compute_plan.key).dict())

for i, id in enumerate(ORGS_ID):
    df = performance_df.query(f"worker == '{id}'")
    plt.plot(df["round_idx"], df["performance"], label=f"Client {i} ({id})")

plt.legend(loc=(1.1, 0.3), title="Test set")
plt.show()
```

![png](markdown-image/output_28_0.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The last test client has only one event, which reduces the number of admissible pairs to be formed in the concordance index computation, which explains to some extents the flat line.
```
